English translation for serv08convert 1.1 by sawo
Windows Server 2008 Workstation Converter 1.1 by sawo

General
Visual Tweaks
Network
Games
Other
Delay Activation
About

Apply
Verify
Owner information:
Set Owner:
Set Organization:
Various tweaks
Enable Windows Audio
Optimize CPU performance for programs
Disable IE Enhanced Security Configuration
Install .NET Framework 3.0
Enable SuperFetch
Welcome to Windows Server 2008 Workstation Converter version 1.1 by sawo
Install Desktop Experience (Media Player, Themes, etc.)
Enable themes service
Install Vista SideBar
Patch UxTheme to allow unsigned themes
Install windows vista aero cursors
Disable ctrl+alt+del at Windows startup
Disable Shutdown Event Tracker
Disable verbose messages at startup/shutdown
Change Computer Name
Enable Wireless Networking
Install gameux.dll for better game compatibility
Install game controllers control panel item
Enable Offline Files
Enable Windows Search Service
Enable Auto Logon
Enable Speech Recognition
Rearm
Check the remaining trial time
(it will take few seconds to load)

Version
created by
contact me at

This setting is turned on by default on XP and Vista(Restart required)
This one doesnt need explanation :-)
Almost 100% useless...
This is needed if you want to use the vista themes, wmp, etc. Reboot required!
Even after the desktop experience is installed, themes are disabled by default
This is useful if you are using LAN network
Required for many applications
Optimizes memory performance, enabled by default in vista
Very annoying and useless
Useful when using network files on notebooks
Enables searching in outlook and documents
Display 'Welcome' instead of the standart configuring desktop etc.
After the patch is applied, the system can use any themes, even unsigned from MicroSoft
The ones that are used in win vista when you enable aero
This file is needed for games like Bioshock, GTA:SA, etc.
joystick/steering wheel or other game controllers
The menu bar that stays on right of the desktop in vista
Partial fix for the speech recognition

Done!
Notification
Warning! It will be illegal to redistribute the speech files with my application so you have to do it yourself.
Please copy the following directories from any vista installation to the same folders on your computer:
and do not overwrite the existing files!
This program will only create the needed registry entries for the Speech Recognition
Do you want to continue creating the registry entries?
If the installation window doesnt show up, please reboot before installing this feature
Warning
You must reboot your computer for the changes to take effect!
If the installation window doesnt show up, please reboot before installing this feature.
Do you also want to enable the themes service
It is required if you want to use the vista themes.
To be or not to be
Please reboot to complete the installation!
The patch is already applied!
Press OK To backup and patch the files
Error occured! The original files are restored!
Error!
Restart the computer to complete the patch!
Patch aborted
Done! You can configure your mouse pointers now!
Done! Now the sidebar will load on startup and you can use
any gadgets directly from the microsoft website!

Support/Information page
Files page
Compiled on